Copyright (c) 2003 Hitachi, Ltd. and TypeBank Co., Ltd.
Copyright (c) 2003 UCHIDA Akira

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and associated
documentation files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute
the Font Software, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Font Software is furnished
to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies of one or more of the Font Software typefaces.

The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but
no copy of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be sold by
itself.

The end-user documentation included with the derived work, if any, must
include the following acknowledgment:
  This product is derived by using the right to use "Hitachi-Mincho
  32x32-dot weight 3 Font" possessed by Hitachi, Ltd. and TypeBank 
  Co., Ltd.
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the Font Software itself,
if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF
COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT
SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.

